[Music]
I'm Rick Dalton it's my pleasure mr.
Schwartz I'm in mouthing put it down
that's your son no that's my stunt
double cliff booth last night we watched
a Rick Dalton double feature
I love that stuff you're too old to
killing a lot of killing
[Music]
seems this rule
you still direct go here you can do
anything you want to hired you to be an
actor Rick not a TV cowboy you're better
than that
all right what's the matter partner it's
official old buddy has been here I am
flat on my ass
I got a little next door to me I'm
Sharon Tate I'm in the movie you're in
this that's me I play Miss Carlson the
class
where there ain't no dream Charlie's
gonna take you then that gospel group
[Music]
[Applause]
in this town I can all change like that
hey you're Rick Dalton don't you
forget it
[Music]
[Applause]